docs: clarify Keycloak 2FA setup (#54)
Aam-Digital/ndb-setup: README.md

Once done, applications can be connected with Keycloak through the `interactive_setup.sh`.

## 2-Factor-Auth

> Keycloak supports a second login factor through the following methods:

Author: ```suggestion
Keycloak supports a second login factor through the methods described below:
- Authenticator App
- E-Mail OTP
```

Through 3rd party libraries OTP via Email is supported.
This also comes with the option to trust the device for a configured time period (during which you do not have to enter the OTP when logging in).

To enable this feature visit `<KEYCLOAK_URL>/admin/master/console/#/<REALM>/authentication/` (i.e. open the "Authentication" section of the Keycloak realm).
If you created this realm using a recent version of the `realm_config.json` then you should find a flow with the name `Email 2FA`,
otherwise see the steps below in the next section.

#### Activating Email 2FA
To activate 2FA over email, click on the 3 dot menu on the right of the `Email 2FA` flow and select `Bind flow` and select `Browser flow`.
After saving, when trying to log in to the app you should be asked to enter the OTP which has been sent to the email that is associated with the username.

#### Deactivating Email 2FA
Similar to the steps of activating the 2FA flow, to disable it you need to re-activate the normal "browser" flow:
Click on the 3 dot menu on the right of the `browser` flow, select `Bind flow` and then select `Browser flow`.

> To disable email 2FA for only one individually user ... TODO

Author: @tomwwinter can you add please how this can be done?

Author: added clarification now.

Through 3rd party libraries OTP via Email is supported.
This also comes with the option to trust the device for a configured time period (during which you do not have to enter the OTP when logging in).

> To enable this feature visit `<KEYCLOAK_URL>/admin/master/console/#/<REALM>/authentication/` (i.e. open the "Authentication" section of the Keycloak realm).
> If you created this realm using a recent version of the `realm_config.json` then you should find a flow with the name `Email 2FA`,
> otherwise see the steps below in the next section.

Author: ```suggestion
To enable this feature visit `<KEYCLOAK_URL>/admin/master/console/#/<REALM>/authentication/` (i.e. open the "Authentication" section of the Keycloak realm) and follow the described steps below ("Activating Email 2FA").
If you created this realm using a recent version of the `realm_config.json` then you should find a flow with the name `Email 2FA`,
otherwise see the steps below in the next section ("Setting up Email OTP manually").
```
